Privacy Policy

the Teen Patti Rico app as a Free app.
 
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
 
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Teen Patti Rico unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
 
Information Collection and Use
 
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to rummy tricks and tips. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
 
We will ask you to provide a general level of positioning permission, which is used to calculate the degree of love for games in different regions. Of course, you can refuse, which will not affect the use
 
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
 
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app
 
Google Play Services

FaceBook

Adjust

AppLovin

Log Data

FireBase
 
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
 
 
Security
 
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
 
Changes to This Privacy Policy
 
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
 

