PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy covers how TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates treats personal information that TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop collects and receives in connection with the games and applications offered by TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop. This includes software that you have downloaded or are about to download, any software that you have embedded on a website or are about to embed, any applications created by TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop and available through social networking sites ("SNS Apps"), any applications created by TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop, distributed by popular app stores like Google Play, Apple App Store etc. and available through mobile devices ("Mobile Apps"), any software running on TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop ' servers, ("TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop Software"), content, related documentation, information on the TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop domain, and information made available by users to each other through the TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop Software (collectively, the "Service"). Your privacy is important to us and, as described in this Privacy Policy, we have designed the Service to protect information about you from unauthorized disclosure to others. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and, in certain circumstances, share your personally identifying information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, and if you have any questions, feel free to contact us.

By registering for, accessing, using, and/or downloading any Service, you agree to TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop’s Privacy Policy and that you will abide by TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop’ Terms of Service. Among other things, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy, as such policy may be amended from time to time. We may update the Privacy Policy and if we do.

What We Collect

TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop gives you a number of options regarding what information you will share with us:
When you register a profile with TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop, your profile including any information (name, address, gender) will be registered with TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop. When you identify yourself on a TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop, you may identify yourself using a TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop account. When you identify yourself on a TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop, you may identify yourself through a social network account in which TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop may receive additional information about your profile.
In each case, we will collect and record the information you have provided. Other than names and email addresses provided at your discretion, we don’t generally collect any “Personally Identifying Information” about our users (such as social security number, street address, etc.), exception being for billing and payments where we store your billing information such as name, street address, phone number. We may offer you the opportunity to submit other information about yourself (such as gender, age, occupation, hobbies, interests, zip code, etc.), or we may be able to collect that information from social networking systems on which you have used TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop Games or SNS Apps (in accordance with the terms of use of those systems), which would then also be covered by this Privacy Policy.
In addition to information about yourself, you may choose to share information about yourself in other content (“Content”), such as in games. Any action you perform with other players are considered public, and at your own discretion.
When you use an SNS App on your social network page or use an SNS App on someone else’s page, we may record information regarding the use of that SNS App, and we may collect other information that is visible on your social network page in accordance with the relevant terms of use associated with that page.
Note that since most TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop Software is served through SNS Apps, it is your responsibility to read and accept their Terms of Use, as well as Privacy Policy prior to continuing.
When you use a Mobile App, which includes telephones and other devices such as tablets, you agree that information about your use of the Service through your mobile device and carrier may be communicated to us. This information includes, but is not limited to your carrier, device, geo-location, IP address, telephone number, country or other information you provide. With your permission, we may also access your contacts. Your carrier’s standard fees and rates will still apply, including without limitation SMS/text messaging fees, and you accept responsibility for all charges.
When you invite new members into your network or send messages through the Service, we collect and maintain on secure servers the information associated with those messages, including email addresses and content.
We may use information about you that we collect from other sources, including but not limited to newspapers and Internet sources such as blogs, instant messaging services, TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop Games and other users of TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop, to supplement your profile. We may use various types of information available on the device along the likes of Device-Identifier, IMEI, Serial Number and/or other locally stored account and app names in order to detect fraudulent or abusive behaviour among users only.
TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop may contain links to other websites. We are of course not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop.
You should also be aware that most content delivered through TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop Games originates with another content provider. Such other content providers may place “cookies” on your browser, or otherwise gather information about you, including by asking you to provide information through the site itself.
Finally, in order to provide the best possible service and to allow us to make certain internal reports and make recommendations, we collect aggregate information about the use of the Service, including information about users accessing the TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop site, playing TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop Games, using SNS Apps on other sites or using Mobile Apps, such as internet protocol addresses, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, other browser history, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time (“Activity Information”).
By using the Service, you consent to our retaining all the above-described information in anonymous form as long as TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop sees fit.

How We Use Information

We do not sell or rent your “Personally Identifiable Information” to any third party. We may, however, use certain information about you that is not personally identifiable.
We may also use public information collected to determine the kinds of content that you would like to view and to assist any advertisers in targeting their advertising.
We also use your name, email address, telephone number, and other information on our system to notify you of new product releases, service notifications, and to solicit your feedback and input. Those emails or SMS/text messages will contain links for preference management and where appropriate, an opt-out method.
With your consent we may send push notifications to your mobile device to provide updates and relevant messages. We may also send local notifications to your mobile device. You may manage notifications from the “Settings” page of the Mobile App or through your device.
You understand and agree that we may access, preserve, and disclose any information we may have about you and the contents of your account if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to avoid liability, to comply with legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order, to protect our rights and property, or that of our affiliates or the public, or when there is a violation of our Terms of Service Agreement. TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop is not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop receives.
TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop may maintain copies of your Content indefinitely, or delete certain Content in whole or in part if TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop determines, in its sole discretion, that such Content constitutes an infringing or a prohibited posting as set forth in our Terms of Service or for any or no reason.
We also use non-Personally Identifiable Information and certain technical information about your computer and your access of the Service (including your IP address) in order to operate, manage and maintain the Service, improve the Service and create new services. TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop may disclose information about you to its partners in order to provide the Service, resolve service problems and correct errors in the Service, to communicate with you about the Service, to provide you with advertising and promotional information in connection with the Service, and to enhance your experience on the Service. However, we do not give our partners an independent right to share this information.
Due to our contractual obligations with these third parties and the need to share information to deliver and support the Service, we cannot provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of sharing information (whether Personally Identifiable Information or other information) with these third parties.
TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop, certain of its partners, and each of their contractors and employees may view the Content that you transmit to the service to provide the Service and otherwise perform the tasks set forth in this Privacy Policy.

Personal Privacy

Be advised that if you send messages or post material containing personal information, that information may be collected and used by others
You can terminate your account at any time which will remove your profile and other personal information from view. TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop, however, may (but is not obligated to) keep information about you that is on its system following your termination. Please contact TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop to terminate your account or for any other questions about your personal information.
TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop has and will never ask for access to your profile on social medias like Facebook. Please don’t click on links that claim to give free chips if you share your Facebook password to avoid being hacked.

Use of Information

TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop may contain links to external websites, and its content in TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop Games, Mobile Apps and SNS Apps may be hosted by other websites. Additionally, most content offered by TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop Games or SNS Apps is served or hosted by external sites. These external sites maintain their own policies regarding cookies and the collection and use of personal information. Please review those policies at your own will.

Transfer of Information

We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event of a transfer of ownership of TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop or the acquisition of substantially all the assets of TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop related to the business which collected such information, such as acquisition by or merger with another company. In such an event, TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop will notify users who have provided email addresses when information about those users is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

Other Parties’Information

You may decide to provide us with another person’s email address so that person may be invited to join TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop or so that we may facilitate your communication with other people through the Service.
You may also provide us with another person’s contact information for purposes of delivering information via SNS Apps or Mobile Apps. We use this information to contact and, if necessary, remind that person that he or she has been invited to join TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop or receive content via an SNS App or Mobile App. All invitees are provided with the option not to receive further invitations from TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop. We may disclose such information if required in order to comply with legal process.

Policy Regarding Children

TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop does not knowingly collect or use personal information from any player under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not register or send any of your information to us. We will permanently delete any information of players under 18 years of age.

Third-Party Advertising Companies

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our site and on certain TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop Games, Mobile Apps and SNS Apps. Our system and the third-party advertising technology uses information derived from Activity Information, TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop’ cookies, your visits to our site, the TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop Games that you view and the SNS Apps and Mobile Apps you use to target advertising within our site, TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop Games, Mobile Apps or SNS Apps. In addition, our advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on our site and other sites. In the course of advertisements being served to you, a unique third-party cookie or cookies may be placed on your device. Similarly, third-party advertising companies may provide us with pixel tags (also called “clear gifs” or “beacons”) to help manage and optimize our online advertising. Beacons enable us to recognize a browser’s cookie when a browser visits the site on which the beacon is located, and to learn which banner ads bring users to a given site.
TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop does not provide any Personally Identifiable Information to third-party advertising companies. Note, however, that if an advertiser asks TeenPatti by 3 Patti Pop to show an advertisement to a specific group of users (for example, men ages 18-35) or a segment of that group (for example, women ages 18-24 who have viewed certain categories of content) and you respond to that advertisement, the third-party advertising company may conclude that you have the characteristics of the audience that they are trying to reach.

Cookies

Temporary cookies might be required when visiting our site or using our gaming services. A cookie is a small file of text-only information string that can be embedded in your computer so that we can remember who you are when you revisit our site. We may use the data generated from cookies to compile data on your use at our website. You are not obliged to accept our cookie and you can decline cookies by modifying your browser settings.

Policy Changes

We may amend this policy statement anytime and with immediate effect by updating this page of Privacy Policy. We will seek to notify you of any changes beforehand. If we are unable to do so, it is your responsibility to periodically review this Privacy Policy page for any changes.
