This Policy will help you understand the following:
I. How do we collect and use your user information
(How do we use cookies and similar technologies
II. How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your user information
III. How do we protect your user information
IV. Your Rights
How do we handle children's personal information
V. How is your user information stored and transferred around the world
VII. How to update this policy
1. How to contact us
We understand the importance of user information to you, and will do our best to protect your user information safe and reliable. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us by abiding by the following principles to protect your user information: the principle of alignment of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clarity of purpose, the principle of choice consent, the principle of least sufficient, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of main participation, the principle of openness and transparency, etc. At the same time, we promise that we will take appropriate security measures to protect your user information according to the industry's mature security standards.
Please read and understand this Privacy Policy carefully before using our products (or services).
2. How do we collect and use your user information
(I) Information collected and used by us during your use of our products or services We will only be out of business functions are described in this policy, collect user information, and use you collect user information to provide you with products or services, you have the right to choose whether to provide this information, but in most cases, if you don't, we might not be able to provide the corresponding services to you, also is unable to respond to the problem you encountered:When you use our service, allowing you to provide us with or we collect the necessary information to provide you with service, including: cell phone number, email address, identity basic information (including name, nationality, sex, occupation, address, contact information), bank account or credit card information, billing information and equipment information, etc.
For the user information we collect, we will use it to provide you with payment, transfer, red envelope, consumption, credit card repayment, bill query, identity verification and other functions.
The above information provided by you will continue to be licensed to us for the duration of your use of the Service.When you stop using the Push Service, we will stop using and delete the above information. We guarantee that the collected user information will be de-identified or anonymized in accordance with the law. Information that cannot be identified individually or in combination with other information does not belong to personal information in the legal sense. If we combine non-personal information with other information to identify your personal identity or use it in combination with your personal information, we will treat and protect such information as your personal information during the combined use in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
In order to better operate and improve our technology and services, or due to the change of business strategy, when we offer the user in the product or service information collection, use, processing is beyond the scope of the or to collect user information used in this privacy policy does not contain other purposes, or when we will be based on specific purpose collected information for other purposes, we will get the user information within a reasonable time after or before handling user information to inform you that agreed with your authorization.
3. Exceptions for obtaining authorized consent
Please understand that, in accordance with laws, regulations and relevant national standards, we do not need to obtain your authorization to collect and use your user information in the following situations:
1. Directly related to national security and national defense security;
2. Those directly related to public safety, public health and major
3. Those directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgment;
4. In order to protect your or other personal life, property and other important legitimate rights and interests, but it is difficult to get my consent;
5. The collected user information is disclosed by you to the public;
6. Your user information collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
7. Necessary for signing or performing the Contract according to your requirements;
8. It is necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of software and related services, such as finding and dealing with faults of software and related services;
9, the personal information controller for the news unit and its in the development of legal news reports necessary;
10. When it is necessary for an academic research institution to conduct statistics or academic research based on the public interest and provide the results of academic research or description to the outside world, it shall de-identify the personal information contained in the results.
11. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
How do we use cookies and similar technologies

(a) a Cookie
To ensure the website works, we store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies typically contain identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. Cookies enable websites to store data about your visit preferences.

We do not use cookies for any purpose other than the purposes described in this Policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can erase all the cookies stored on your computer, and most Web browsers have a feature to block cookies. But if you do, you will need to personally change the user Settings every time you visit our site.

(2) website beacon and pixel label
In addition to cookies, we also use other similar technologies like website beacons and pixel tags on our websites. For example, the email we send you may contain a click URL that links to the content of our website.

If you click on that link, we will track that click to help us understand your product or service preferences and improve customer service. A website beacon is usually a transparent image embedded in a website or email. With the pixel tags in the E-mail, we can tell if the E-mail has been opened. If you do not wish your activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.
Do Not Track your work.
Many Web browsers have a Do Not Track feature that posts Do Not Track requests to Web sites. At present, the major Internet standards organizations do not have policies in place to dictate how websites should respond to such requests. But if your browser has Do Not Track enabled, then all of our sites will respect your choice.

III. How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your user information
(1) Sharing
We will not share your user information with any other companies, organizations or individuals, except in the following circumstances:
1. Sharing with express consent: We will share your user information with other parties after obtaining your express consent.
2. We may share your user information with others in accordance with laws and regulations or the mandatory requirements of government authorities.
3. Sharing with our Affiliates: Your User Information may be shared with our Affiliates. We will only share necessary user information for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. If the Affiliate wants to change the processing purpose of user information, it will seek your authorization and consent again.
4. Sharing with Authorized Partners: Some of our services will be provided by authorized partners only for the purpose stated in this policy. We may share some of your user information with our partners to provide better customer service and user experience. We will only share your user information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and clear purposes, and will only share the user information necessary for the provision of the Service. In order to better operate and improve technologies and services, you agree that we and our authorized partners may use the collected information for other services and purposes in accordance with relevant laws and regulations.
Specific authorized partners are listed below, and a link to the privacy policy of the third party is provided. We recommend that you read the privacy policy of the third party:
Service suppliers: (1) the push from the daily interaction push technology service co., LTD., we could be your equipment platform, equipment manufacturers, equipment brand, equipment identification number, such as information, the application list information, network information, and provide related information to the position daily interactive co., LTD., is used to provide push technology service for you. When we push messages to you, we may authorize Daily Interactive Co., Ltd. to adjust the link and activate the closed SDK push process to ensure that you can receive the messages we push to you in a timely manner. For more information, please visit the Privacy Policy for Individual Twitter Users.
(2) Advertising and media: We may share the information collected with advertising, media and our other authorized partners for commercial purposes, including optimizing advertising delivery and improving marketing effectiveness.
{(3) XXX service provider: …………(It can be added according to the service of its own integrated third party, either without or with (4), (5). Please refer to the format of (1) push service provider)}.
For companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share user information, we will sign strict confidentiality agreements with them, requiring them to handle user information in accordance with our instructions, this Privacy Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
(2) Assignment
We will not transfer your user information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances:
1. Transfer with express consent: we will transfer your user information to other parties after obtaining your express consent;
2. In the case of merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, if the transfer of user information is involved, we will require the new company or organization holding your user information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy, otherwise we will require the company or organization to seek authorization from you again.
(3) Public disclosure
We will publicly disclose your user information only in the following circumstances:
1. With your express consent;
2. Legal Disclosure: We may publicly disclose your user information if required by laws, legal procedures, lawsuits or government authorities.
Exceptions for obtaining prior authorization consent when sharing, transferring or publicly disclosing information
Please understand that, in accordance with laws, regulations and relevant national standards, we do not need your authorization to share, transfer or publicly disclose your user information under the following circumstances:
1. Directly related to national security and national defense security;
2. Those directly related to public safety, public health and major public interests;
3. Those directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgment;
4. In order to protect your or other personal life, property and other important legitimate rights and interests, but it is difficult to get my consent;
5. Information that you disclose to the public;
6. It is collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels.
IV. How do we protect your user information
(1) We have adopted industry-standard security measures to protect the user information you provide and prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of the data. We will take all reasonably practicable measures to protect your user information. For example, data exchanged between your browser and the Service is protected by SSL encryption; We also provide HTTPS secure browsing for the site; We will use encryption to ensure the confidentiality of the data; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to protect our data from malicious attacks; We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to user information; And we will organize security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting user information.
(2) We have obtained the following certification: {relevant certification content obtained by the company}.
(3) Our data security capability: {Description of the Company's data security capability}.
(d) We will take all reasonably practicable steps to ensure that no irrelevant user information is collected. We will retain your user information only for the period of time necessary to achieve the purpose stated in the Cost Policy, unless we need to extend the retention period or are permitted by law.
(e) The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and email, instant messaging, and communication with other users are not encrypted. We strongly recommend that you do not send user information through such means.
(VI) We will regularly update and publicize the relevant contents of security risk, user information security impact assessment and other reports. You can obtain it by: Supplementary Security Risk Disclosure Path
（VII）The Internet environment is not 100 per cent secure and we will do our best to ensure that any information you send us is secure. Even if we have made great efforts and taken all reasonable and necessary measures, we may still be unable to prevent your user information from being illegally accessed, stolen, tampered with or destroyed, which may cause damage to your legitimate rights and interests. Please understand the above risks of the information network and voluntarily assume them.
（VIII）After the unfortunate occurrence of a user information security incident, we will, in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, inform you in a timely manner: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, the suggestions for you to prevent and reduce risks independently, the remedial measures for you and so on. We will timely inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform the user information subject one by one, we will take a reasonable and effective way to release the announcement. At the same time, we will also in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities, the initiative to report the disposal of user information security incidents.
V. Your Rights
In accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and standards of China, as well as the common practices of other countries and regions, we guarantee that you exercise the following rights over your user information:
(I) Access to your User Information

You have the right to access your user information, except under the exceptions provided by laws and regulations.If you want to exercise data access rights, you can do the following: Supplementary user information access methods
If you are not able to access this user information through the above links, you can contact us at any time using our Web form, or send an email to {company email}.We will respond to your request for access within 30 days.
As long as we do not require too much investment, we will provide you with any other user information that you may generate in the course of using our products or services. If you would like to exercise data access, please send an email to {company mailbox}.
(ii) Correct your user information
You have the right to request us to make corrections when you find errors in the information we process about your users.You may request corrections by using the methods listed in "(I) Access to Your User Information". If you are unable to correct this user information through the above link, you can contact us at any time using our Web form, or send an email to {company email}.We will respond to your request for correction within 30 days.
(c) Delete your user information
In the following cases, you can make a request to us to delete user information:
1. If we deal with user information in violation of laws and regulations;
2. If we collect and use your user information without obtaining your consent;
3. If we deal with user information in violation of the agreement with you;
4. If you no longer use our products or services, or if you cancel your account;
If we no longer provide you with products or services.
We will evaluate your deletion request and take appropriate steps to deal with it if it meets the relevant requirements. When you make a deletion request to us, we may ask you to authenticate to protect the security of your account. When you delete information from our services, due to applicable laws and security technologies, we may not immediately remove the corresponding information from the backup system, but we will safely store your information until the backup can be erased or anonymized.
(d) Change the scope of your authorization
Each business function requires some basic user information to be completed (see "Part 1" of this policy). You may give or withdraw your authorization consent at any time for the collection and use of user information. You can do this yourself by adding changes to how user information is accessed
When you withdraw your consent, we will no longer process the corresponding user information.At the same time, please note that your retraction of the authorization consent may lead to some consequences, for example, we may not be able to continue to provide you with the corresponding services or specific functions, but your decision to withdraw the consent will not affect the user information processing previously carried out based on your authorization.
(5) The user information subject cancels the account
You can cancel the previously registered account at any time. You can do it by yourself in the following ways: Add the operation method of cancellation account
After the cancellation of the account, we will cease to provide you with products or services and, upon your request, delete or anonymize your information, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations.This may also cause you to lose access to the data in your account. Please act with caution.
(6) The user information subject obtains a copy of the user information
You have the right to obtain a copy of your user information, which you can do by the following ways
If the technology is feasible, such as data interface matching, we can also directly transfer the copy of your user information to the third party designated by you according to your request.
(7) Constraint the automatic decision of information system
In some business functions, we may make decisions based solely on non-human automated decision mechanisms such as information systems, algorithms, and so on.If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to ask us for an explanation and we will provide appropriate remedies.
(vii) To respond to your above requests
For security reasons, you may need to provide a written request or otherwise prove your identity. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request.
We will give you a reply within 30 days.If you are not satisfied, you can also complain through the following ways: to supplement other ways of appeal
For your reasonable request, we do not charge fees in principle, but for repeated, beyond the reasonable limit of the request, we will charge a certain cost fee.We may reject requests that are gratuitously repetitive, require too much technology (for example, require the development of a new system or a fundamental change in existing practices), pose a risk to the legitimate interests of others, or are highly impractical. Please also understand that we may not be able to respond to some of your requests due to security considerations, requirements of relevant laws and regulations or technical limitations, such as the following:
1. It is related to the performance of obligations stipulated by laws and regulations by the user information controller;
2. Directly related to national security and national defense security;
3. Those directly related to public safety, public health and major public interests;
4. Those directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgment;
5. The user information controller has sufficient evidence to show that the user information subject has subjective malice or abuse of rights;
6. It is difficult to obtain consent for the purpose of safeguarding the life, property and other important legitimate rights and interests of the user information subject or other individuals;
7. Responding to the request of the user's information subject will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of the user's information subject or other individuals and organizations;
8. Involving commercial secrets.
How do we handle children's personal information
We take the protection of children's personal information very seriously and our products, websites and services are primarily aimed at adults. Children should not create their own user accounts without the consent of a parent or guardian. Although local laws and customs define children differently, we consider anyone under the age of 14 to be a child.
In the case of collecting child user information with the consent of parents or guardians, we will only store, use or publicly disclose such information when permitted by law, with the express consent of parents or guardians, or when it is necessary to protect children, otherwise we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
In view of the limitation of existing technology and business model, it is difficult for us to take the initiative to identify the personal information of children, if you find that we are unwittingly or without prior verifiable guardian permission to collect the children's personal information, you can contact us, we will try to delete after found, if we find the situation, we will promptly delete, unless the law requires us to keep.
VII. How is your user information stored and transferred around the world
We will only retain your user information for the period necessary for the purposes and uses described in this Policy and for the minimum period required by laws and regulations. After the above retention period, we will delete or anonymize your user information as required by applicable laws and regulations.Unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or for the purpose of public interest, scientific and historical research, or otherwise authorized by you, we may need to retain relevant data for a longer period of time.
Because we offer products or services through resources and servers worldwide, this means that, with your authorized consent, your user information may be transferred to, or accessed from, foreign jurisdictions in the country/region in which you use products or services.
Such jurisdictions may or may not have different data protection laws. In such cases, we will ensure that your user information is adequately and equally protected within the People's Republic of China. For example, we may request your consent to transfer user information across borders, or implement security measures such as data de-identification prior to cross-border data transfer.
VIII. How to update this policy
Our privacy policy is subject to change. Without your express consent, we will not diminish your rights under this Privacy Policy.We will post any changes we make to this policy on this page.
For significant changes, we also provide more prominent notice. Significant changes referred to in this Policy include, but are not limited to:
1. Major changes have taken place in our service model. For example, the purpose of user information processing, the type of user information processing, the use of user information and so on;
2. We have made major changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, etc. Such as business adjustment, bankruptcy and merger caused by the owner change;
3. The main objects of user information sharing, transfer or public disclosure change;
4. Your rights to participate in user information processing and the way of exercising them have changed significantly;
5. The department responsible for handling user information security, contact information and complaint channels change;
6. The user information security impact assessment report indicates that there is a high risk.
We will also keep an old version of this policy on file for your review.
