App Privacy Policy

Welcome to visit our products. App (including the services provided by App and other products, hereinafter referred to as "Products and Services") is developed and operated by App (hereinafter referred to as "We"). Our top priority is to ensure the security of our users' data and protect their privacy. This Privacy Policy sets out the data collected and processed when you access and use our products and services.

Please read carefully and confirm that you fully understand all the rules and main points of this Privacy Policy before continuing to use our products. Once you choose to use this Policy, you are deemed to agree to all the contents of this Privacy Policy and agree that we collect and use your relevant information in accordance with it. If you have any questions about this policy during your reading, please contact our customer service for consultation. Please contact us through email or feedback in the product. If you do not agree with the relevant Agreement or any of its terms, you should stop using our products and services.

This Privacy Policy helps you understand the following:

I. How we collect and use your personal information;
Ii. How we store and protect your personal information;
Iii. How we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information;
Iv. How we use cookies and other tracking technologies;

I. How do we collect and use your personal information

Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded by electronic or other means which, alone or in combination with other information, can identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person. We according to the law of the People's Republic of China on the network safety "and" personal information security information security technology standard "(GB/T 35273-2017) and other relevant laws and regulations, and strictly follow the principle of proper and lawful and necessary, for you to use our services and/or product in the process of the collection and use your personal information, Including but not limited to phone numbers, etc.
In order to receive our comprehensive product services, you should first register a user account, through which we will record relevant data. All the information you provide is from the data you provided at the time of registration. The account name, password and contact information you intend to use may be verified by SMS or email.

II.How do we store and protect your personal information

As a general rule, we retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to achieve the purpose for which we collect it. We retain your personal information for as long as is strictly necessary to manage our relationship with you (for example, when you open an account to obtain services from our products). We may be required to retain your personal information on file after the expiration of the above period for purposes of compliance with legal obligations or to prove that a right or contract meets applicable limitations of action and cannot delete it at your request. We ensure that your personal information is completely deleted or anonymized when it is no longer necessary for the purposes or profiles corresponding to our statutory obligations or statute of limitations.
We use industry-standard security measures to protect the personal information you provide and encrypt critical data to prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss. We will take all reasonably practicable steps to protect your personal information. We will use encryption to ensure the confidentiality of the data; We use trusted safeguards to protect our data from malicious attacks.

III.How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information

We will use your personal information in a compliant and appropriate manner in the management of our daily business activities and in the pursuit of legitimate interests to better serve our customers. For the sake of business and all aspects, we only use the data ourselves and do not share it with any third party.
We may share your personal information with other parties in accordance with laws and regulations or mandatory requirements of competent government departments. Subject to compliance with laws and regulations, when we receive a request for disclosure of the above information, we will require the issuance of the corresponding legal documents, such as subpoena or letter of investigation. We strongly believe in being as transparent as the law allows about the information we are asked to provide.

No prior authorization from you is required to share, transfer or publicly disclose your personal information under any of the following circumstances:

1. Those directly related to national security and national defense security;
2. Those directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgment;
3. To protect your or other individuals' life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person;
4. Personal information disclosed by you to the public;
5. Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels.
6. Necessary for signing and performing the contract according to the requirements of the personal information subject;
7. Necessary for the maintenance of the safe and stable operation of the provided products or services, such as the discovery and disposal of faults in the products or services;
8. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.

IIII. How do we use cookies and other tracking technologies

To ensure the proper operation of our products, we store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies typically contain an identifier, a product name, and some numbers and characters. With cookies, we can store your preferences or products and other data, and use them to determine whether registered users are logged in, improve service and product quality, and optimize user experience.
We use a variety of cookies for different purposes, including: strictly necessary cookies, performance cookies, marketing cookies, and functional cookies. Certain cookies may be provided by external third parties to provide additional functionality to our products. We will not use Cookies for any purpose other than those described in this Policy. You can manage or delete cookies based on your preferences. You can clear all the cookies saved on your computer or mobile phone. Most web browsers have the function to block or disable cookies. You can configure the browser. Blocking or disabling cookies may affect your use of our products and services or prevent you from fully using them.
